README.md, before:

For some reason, `scipy.stats.pearson3.cdf` will return different
results depending on whether we are executing in Python 3.6 vs
Python 3.7

To verify this for yourself, do the following:

1. Create Anaconda environments for 3.6 and 3.7:

        conda create -n test36 python=3.6
        conda create -n test37 python=3.7

2. For both of these environments, initialize them like so:

        conda activate <test36 or test37>
        pip install -r requirements.txt
        python setup.py install
        pip install tox

3. Run the tox test "suite" in each environment:

        tox -e <py36 or py37, depending on which env you're in>

When using `test36`, you should get no errors.

When using `test37`, you should get one errors.

This is not due to tox/pytest; running `python see_for_yourself.py`
from project root will print 0 (the desired number) in `test36`,
but 20 in `test37`

# Wait, what are we testing again?

This code was created from the `_pearson_fit` function in the
`src/climate_indices/compute.py` file from the
[climate_indices](https://github.com/monocongo/climate_indices)
repo.

On [line 404 of compute.py](https://github.com/monocongo/climate_indices/blob/4d3a04d4290ad3738999ac1c4de8a31ad5c1d938/src/climate_indices/compute.py#L404)
we find this:

    values = scipy.stats.pearson3.cdf(values, skew, loc, scale)

If you look on the `tests/fixture` folder of *this* repo, you will
find files named, appropriately, `values`, `skew`, `loc`, `scale`,
and `outputs`. These files were generated by adding the following code
to the above-mentioned 404:

    np.savetxt('values', values)
    np.savetxt('skew', skew)
    np.savetxt('loc', loc)
    np.savetxt('scale', scale)
    values = scipy.stats.pearson3.cdf(values, skew, loc, scale)
    np.savetxt('outputs', values)

Furthermore, I verified (several times) that `values`, `skew`, `loc`,
and `scale` were identical whether the above code was run with
Python 3.6 or Python 3.7, but that `outputs` would differ. The
version of `outputs` I've included in `tests/fixture` is the one
generated by executing with Python 3.6.

# What's going wrong, then?

For some reason, in Python 3.7, `pearson3.cdf` is returning `0` in
20 different locations, rather than the expected `nan`.

But it isn't replacing *all* of the `nan`s--some still come through,
unreplaced with `0`.

I have no idea why.

Commit message:

Alert people to the existence of a second branch

README.md, after:

For some reason, `scipy.stats.pearson3.cdf` will return different
results depending on whether we are executing in Python 3.6 vs
Python 3.7

To verify this for yourself, do the following:

1. Create Anaconda environments for 3.6 and 3.7:

        conda create -n test36 python=3.6
        conda create -n test37 python=3.7

2. For both of these environments, initialize them like so:

        conda activate <test36 or test37>
        pip install -r requirements.txt
        python setup.py install
        pip install tox

3. Run the tox test "suite" in each environment:

        tox -e <py36 or py37, depending on which env you're in>

When using `test36`, you should get no errors.

When using `test37`, you should get one errors.

This is not due to tox/pytest; running `python see_for_yourself.py`
from project root will print 0 (the desired number) in `test36`,
but 20 in `test37`

A *much* simpler version of all this code is available in the `simpler` branch.

# Wait, what are we testing again?

This code was created from the `_pearson_fit` function in the
`src/climate_indices/compute.py` file from the
[climate_indices](https://github.com/monocongo/climate_indices)
repo.

On [line 404 of compute.py](https://github.com/monocongo/climate_indices/blob/4d3a04d4290ad3738999ac1c4de8a31ad5c1d938/src/climate_indices/compute.py#L404)
we find this:

    values = scipy.stats.pearson3.cdf(values, skew, loc, scale)

If you look on the `tests/fixture` folder of *this* repo, you will
find files named, appropriately, `values`, `skew`, `loc`, `scale`,
and `outputs`. These files were generated by adding the following code
to the above-mentioned 404:

    np.savetxt('values', values)
    np.savetxt('skew', skew)
    np.savetxt('loc', loc)
    np.savetxt('scale', scale)
    values = scipy.stats.pearson3.cdf(values, skew, loc, scale)
    np.savetxt('outputs', values)

Furthermore, I verified (several times) that `values`, `skew`, `loc`,
and `scale` were identical whether the above code was run with
Python 3.6 or Python 3.7, but that `outputs` would differ. The
version of `outputs` I've included in `tests/fixture` is the one
generated by executing with Python 3.6.

# What's going wrong, then?

For some reason, in Python 3.7, `pearson3.cdf` is returning `0` in
20 different locations, rather than the expected `nan`.

But it isn't replacing *all* of the `nan`s--some still come through,
unreplaced with `0`.

I have no idea why.
